DESCRIPTION
===========

Configure Dynect Platform Manged DNS Services via Dyn's API

Borrows heavily from `opscode/dynect` cookbook, including the superb Ruby Gem
from Adam Jacob `dynect_rest`  (it's a requirement)

Building on the Providers in `opscode/dynect` cookbook this cookbook includes
LWRP for the advanced services in the Dynect Platform

REQUIREMENTS
============

Chef 0.8+.

A Dynect account.

The `dynect_rest` gem. The `dynect_dns::default` recipe installs this gem  
using the `dynect::default` recipe. So include that in your `run_list`


ATTRIBUTES
==========

The following attributes need to be set either in a role or on a node directly, they are not set at the cookbook level:

* dynect.customer - Customer ID
* dynect.username - Username
* dynect.password - Password
* dynect.zone - Zone
* dynect.domain - Domain

Example JSON:

    {
      "dynect": {
        "customer": "CUSTOMER",
        "username": "USERNAME",
        "password": "PASSWORD",
        "zone": "ZONE",
        "domain": "DOMAIN"
      }
    }

RESOURCES & PROVIDERS
====================

gslb
____

Provides actions to get and update an existing Dynect Platform Traffic Management
service

Actions:
* :get -- retrieve the service data
* :update_ttl -- reset the TTL for the records managed by this service
* :update_monitor -- reset the monitoring parameters 

Attributes:
Authorization credentials
* :username
* :password
* :customer


What host are we working with:
* :zone
* :fqdn

* :ttl

# attrs for a monitor
* :protocol
* :interval


RECIPES
=======

This cookbook provides the following recipes.

default
-------

The default recipe installs Adam Jacob's `dynect_rest` gem during the Chef run's compile time to ensure it is available in the same run as utilizing the `dynect_rr` resource/provider.

FURTHER READING
===============

Information on the Dynect API:

* [API](http://manage.dynect.net/elp/docs/api2/rest/index.html)

Dynect REST Ruby Library:

* [Gem](http://rubygems.org/gems/dynect_rest)
* [Code](http://github.com/adamhjk/dynect_rest)

LICENSE AND AUTHOR
==================

- Author: Lisa Hagemann (lhagemann@dyn.com)
- Copyright: 2010, Opscode, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
